[mail] correct typo (escape ` in thing`s) (#6647)
openhab/openhab-addons: bundles/org.openhab.binding.mail/README.md

The `refresh`, `security`, `port`, `username` and `password` parameters are optional.

> The `refresh` parameter is the time in seconds between two refreshes of the thing\`s channels.

Reviewer: If you fix it use the apostrophe:
```suggestion
The `refresh` parameter is the time in seconds between two refreshes of the thing's channels.
```

Author: OK.
